#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
babel==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto==2.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.34.75
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.75
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
cdiff==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patroni
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   python-etcd
eventlet==0.36.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filechunkio==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eventlet
    #   gevent
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-utils
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kazoo==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
keystoneauth1==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-keystoneclient
lxml==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
monotonic==1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-serialization
netaddr==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
oslo-config==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-log
oslo-i18n==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-log==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
oslo-serialization==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
patroni==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
# pg-view @ git+https://github.com/zalando/pg_view.git@3b35609f34b25db861252e2ce9912c2dab8a7934
ply==3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
prettytable==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patroni
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patroni
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pure-sasl==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyinotify==0.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-log
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
# pykerberos
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-utils
pystache==0.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pysyncobj==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   oslo-log
    #   patroni
python-etcd==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-keystoneclient==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-swiftclient==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   patroni
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-consul
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oslo-config
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-keystoneclient
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   patroni
    #   python-etcd
    #   requests
# wal-e @ git+https://github.com/zalando-pg/wal-e.git@34b20b07121084052ef38eaa2a7869021cf33f34
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prettytable
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   debtcollector
ydiff==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patroni
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
zope-interface==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent